CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to this project

## Copyright and licensing  
The source code for this CKAN extension is licensed under the BSD 3-clause Licence. By contributing source code to this CKAN extension, 
you are agreeing to license your contributions under and on the terms of the BSD 3-clause Licence.

Please note that your licence is irrevocable and royalty-free. You or your licensors retain any copyright in your 
contributions while allowing others to re-use the source code in any way they like as long as they meet the 
requirements of the licence. 

## Contributing code
- Maintenance on this module is a shared effort of those who use it
- To contribute improvements to the code, ensure you raise a pull request and discuss with the module maintainers
- Please follow the SilverStripe [code contribution guidelines](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/contributing/code/) and [Module Standard](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/developer_guides/extending/modules/#module-standard)
- Supply documentation that follows the [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/) conventions
- When having discussions about this module in issues or pull request please adhere to the [SilverStripe Community Code of Conduct](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/contributing/code_of_conduct/)

## Security issues

Please don't file security related issues in the bug tracker or publicly disclose them without first contacting us. We operate a Coordinated Disclosure policy and will work with you in good faith to responsibly fix and publicly disclose security issues appropriately.

### Checklist for reporting security issues

 * Don’t disclose the issue publicly

 * Document the issue to help us understand how to fix it

 * Report the security issue to the maintainers directly

 * Be professional and clear in your communications

 * Wait to hear back from us

 * Provide any follow up information if requested to help resolve the issue

 * Work with us on timing and publishing of the security issue

Commit message:

FIX reference to CKAN incorrect, it's a SilverStripe module

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to this project

## Copyright and licensing  
The source code for this SilverStripe module is licensed under the BSD 3-clause Licence. By contributing source code to this SilverStripe module, you are agreeing to license your contributions under and on the terms of the BSD 3-clause Licence.

Please note that your licence is irrevocable and royalty-free. You or your licensors retain any copyright in your 
contributions while allowing others to re-use the source code in any way they like as long as they meet the 
requirements of the licence. 

## Contributing code
- Maintenance on this module is a shared effort of those who use it
- To contribute improvements to the code, ensure you raise a pull request and discuss with the module maintainers
- Please follow the SilverStripe [code contribution guidelines](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/contributing/code/) and [Module Standard](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/developer_guides/extending/modules/#module-standard)
- Supply documentation that follows the [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/) conventions
- When having discussions about this module in issues or pull request please adhere to the [SilverStripe Community Code of Conduct](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/contributing/code_of_conduct/)

## Security issues

Please don't file security related issues in the bug tracker or publicly disclose them without first contacting us. We operate a Coordinated Disclosure policy and will work with you in good faith to responsibly fix and publicly disclose security issues appropriately.

### Checklist for reporting security issues

 * Don’t disclose the issue publicly

 * Document the issue to help us understand how to fix it

 * Report the security issue to the maintainers directly

 * Be professional and clear in your communications

 * Wait to hear back from us

 * Provide any follow up information if requested to help resolve the issue

 * Work with us on timing and publishing of the security issue
